    I will be creating an application where users can write blog/microblog style posts. Users will be able to post embedded links to videos/posts/articles and write blog style posts on them, post original pictures/videos, or just start a text-based conversation. Other users can then start a comment thread by replying to the original user’s post or start their own thread in the conversation.

    Users of the app will need to create an account used to sign in to the application, this will be a username to go by in the application as well as a password with at least 8 characters to sign in. Once a user has successfully created an account, they will be able to begin posting. This application will lump all posts together in sequential order, but users will have the option to tag their post based on the kind of topics they think is relevant to the content of their post. Users will be able to follow these topics to see posts like this from other users who tag their content with similar tags.

    HTML elements will be used to make up the front end interface where users will do things like post, follow, delete, edit and create a new user page. JavaScript will be used to add functionality to the HTML elements, and generate the content based on the users input in with the front end of the application. The database will be where all user/application information is stored with an API that is going to store and retrieve information that is posted and requested by an individual user on the platform.
